---
layout: post
title: "Moving On"
date: 2013-07-30 10:55
comments: true
categories:
  - announcements
  - job
  - austin
---
I took over as the Director of Technology at the [Texas Tribune][] a year ago
this month, but if you're reading this you probably already knew that.  What
you probably don't know is that year ago June I had one foot out the door.  So
what kept me at the Tribune?  A beer with Emily Ramshaw.

She reminded me why I left the start-up world in the first place: to make a
difference in the world with my work.  I do that at the Texas Tribune, but my
role has always been a supporting one.  It needed to be given my straddling the
business side, the editorial side, and everything in between.  I used to
describe my job as not being on the front lines of changing the world, but I
was the one supplying the ammo.

I've realized over the last few months that I wanted that to dynamic to change.
It became crystal clear in the early morning hours of June 26 as I watched
tools I had help put in place shed a light on the inner workings of Texas
politics.  Without our work, everyone would have read about the filibuster
and questionable voting times the morning after instead of watching it happen
live.

I'm happy to announce that as of today, I'm moving on from Director of
Technology at the Texas Tribune to the editorial staff as the Tribune's first
News Apps and Data Editor.  I'll be continuing the amazing work that's already
been done and working full time with Ryan Murphy on our newly formed News Apps
team.

I gotta say, I'm [super stoked][].

[Texas Tribune]: http://www.texastribune.org/
[super stoked]: http://www.theonion.com/video/report-most-college-males-admit-to-regularly-getti,14386/
